all right so i'm going to do a execution
i got requested to show how i
use this model
here you got there we had a market
structure shift to the upside i'm
looking for a gap fill
from friday's close
so i'm going to go long here
12 micros
of the mini nasdaq
or i'm sorry micro nasdaq futures
contract
so i'm going to
look for price to drop down into that
fair value gap
and look for a run above fourteen
thousand one sixty
right now i have my initial interest at
fourteen thousand one eighty
i'm thinking fourteen thousand two
twenty
is possible today there's my limit entry
okay and i'll show you where we're at
so there's the
closure of the fair value gap
now i'm watching price i'm going to see
it start expanding on the upside
i'm not watching the number underneath
that profit okay that's not what i'm
watching i'm watching the candles
is it constantly going towards
that small little fair value gap around
fourteen thousand one
twenty two
thirty eight or so
i wanna see it go through that
now they can start to consolidate in
that area
and reaccumulate for new longs kind of
like a pausing maybe like think like a
bowl flag that's kind of like what i
anticipate forming between
14 1 20 14
[Music]
140 in that area
similar to what we just watched right
there so far the expansion on the upside
solid it looks good
i'm thinking i might take the limit
order up to
14220 but we'll see how we trade above
the short term high
made prior to 10 o'clock in the morning
little run above new equity high
nice placement on the entry that's
probably random
all right by side sitting right around
that
14160 level that's in the crosshairs
right now
typically you'll see it usually
consolidate around here maybe small
little retracement gets everybody
thinking it's time to sell short
remember resistance ideas from retail
are going to see that 160 and say okay
i'm gonna
get short because it went down from
there the last time so i'm not thinking
that i'm thinking it's gonna like swat
bust through the door
and run up into that 14 180 i might
adjust that in here
okay so
that's kind of like my best case
scenario and this is what i'm going to
try to take six contracts off above here
so
i'm thinking if it runs there i'll take
six off to fund the position
roll the stops to even
and then see if i can get that limit
order at fourteen thousand two twenty
smaller consolidation around that fair
va gap level as i mentioned before
reaching into an order block now
looking at e-mini s p micro just to get
a feel looks like it wants to run as
high as well
so it kind of like gives me fuel or
confidence that this is going to run up
into that level so i'm going to take my
six contracts off
and i'm gonna change my mind and close
it here because
it's getting real close to the closure
of that gap i might be wrong but uh just
for
general principles 14220 i think is
doable
all right there's the business limit
order filled
again i'll hover over top the entry so
you can see it
all right there is your entry
and that's not bad it's the low candle
that's what i like to show you guys
there's the limit order exiting there
so
hopefully found this insightful
james
there's your example
until next time be safe